Alright, here's what you just learned.
Distinguish KStream from KTable and know when to use each.
Write stateless and stateful stream processing pipelines using the Streams DSL.
Configure tumbling, hopping, and session windows.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to distinguish kstream from ktable and know when to use each, write stateless and stateful stream processing pipelines using the streams dsl, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!